= sequel-cacheable http://travis-ci.org/rosylilly/sequel-cacheable.png

This plug-in caching mechanism to implement the Model of the Sequel

== Usage

Gemfile write:

  gem "sequel"
  gem "sequel-cacheable"
  gem "redis"

Source code write:

  Sequel::Model.plugin :cacheable, Redis.new(host: 'localhost', port: 6379)

Caching!

== Options

  Sequel::Model.plugin :cacheable, cache_client, options_hash

tested cache_client:

* Redis[https://rubygems.org/gems/redis]
* Memcached[https://rubygems.org/gems/memcache]

options:

  {
    :ttl => 3600, # time to live. default 3600
    :ignore_exception => false, # through exception. default false
    :pack_lib => MessagePack, # cache packing library. This Object should be have pack / unpack method.
    :query_cache => false # enable query cache. default true if cache client implemented keys method
  }

== Cache Timing

* select
  * Model.find(id) => Model Cache
  * Model.where(cond).all => Query Cache
* insert / update
  * clear model cache
  * clear all query caches of model
  * store a new record model cache
* delete / destroy
  * clear model cache
  * clear all query caches of model

== Contributing to sequel-cacheable
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Sho Kusano <rosylilly>. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

